README.md, before:

# Alt Variant Plugin for Tailwind CSS

## Installation

```bash
npm install tailwindcss-alt
```

## Usage

```js
// tailwind.config.js
module.exports = {
  variants: {
    display: ['alt', 'alt-hover', 'alt-focus', 'alt-focus-within', 'alt-active', 'alt-visited', 'alt-disabled', 'alt-first', 'alt-last', 'alt-odd', 'alt-even', 'alt-group-hover', 'alt-group-focus', 'alt-group-focus-within', 'alt-group-active', 'alt-group-visited', 'alt-group-disabled', 'responsive'],
  },
  plugins: [
    require('tailwindcss-alt')({
      className: 'alt', // defaults to this value
    }),
  ],
};
```

The above configuration would generate the following CSS:

```css
.block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:hover\:block:hover {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:focus\:block:focus {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:focus-within\:block:focus-within {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:active\:block:active {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:visited\:block:visited {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:disabled\:block:disabled {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:first\:block:first-child {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:last\:block:last-child {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:odd\:block:nth-child(odd) {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:even\:block:nth-child(even) {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:hover .alt\:group-hover\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:focus .alt\:group-focus\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:focus-within .alt\:group-focus-within\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:active .alt\:group-active\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:visited .alt\:group-visited\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:disabled .alt\:group-disabled\:block {
  display: block;
}

/* etc. */
```

Which you can then use in your HTML like this:

```html
<header class="alt">
  <img class="block alt:hidden" src="logo.png">
  <img class="hidden alt:block" src="alt-logo.png">

  <a class="text-black hover:text-blue alt:text-white alt:hover:text-green">Home</a>

  <div class="group">
    <div class="group-hover:opacity-50 alt:group-hover:opacity-100">...</div>
  </div>
</header>
```

Commit message:

Add introduction and requirements sections to README

README.md, after:

# Alt Variant Plugin for Tailwind CSS

## Introduction

This plugin adds a general-purpose `alt` (short for “alternate”) variant to Tailwind CSS, which can be used to change an element’s styles when one of its ancestors (possibly `body` or `html`) has a given class (`alt` by default, but can be customized). It can be used for toggling between two themes (think dark mode), or for components that have two distinct states you want to switch between via JavaScript (by adding/removing the `alt` class from the parent element).

## Requirements

This plugin requires Tailwind CSS 1.2 or later. If your project uses an older version of Tailwind, you should install the latest 1.x version of this plugin (`npm install tailwindcss-alt@1.x`).

## Installation

```bash
npm install tailwindcss-alt
```

## Usage

```js
// tailwind.config.js
module.exports = {
  variants: {
    display: ['alt', 'alt-hover', 'alt-focus', 'alt-focus-within', 'alt-active', 'alt-visited', 'alt-disabled', 'alt-first', 'alt-last', 'alt-odd', 'alt-even', 'alt-group-hover', 'alt-group-focus', 'alt-group-focus-within', 'alt-group-active', 'alt-group-visited', 'alt-group-disabled', 'responsive'],
  },
  plugins: [
    require('tailwindcss-alt')({
      className: 'alt', // defaults to this value
    }),
  ],
};
```

The above configuration would generate the following CSS:

```css
.block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:hover\:block:hover {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:focus\:block:focus {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:focus-within\:block:focus-within {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:active\:block:active {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:visited\:block:visited {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:disabled\:block:disabled {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:first\:block:first-child {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:last\:block:last-child {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:odd\:block:nth-child(odd) {
  display: block;
}

.alt .alt\:even\:block:nth-child(even) {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:hover .alt\:group-hover\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:focus .alt\:group-focus\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:focus-within .alt\:group-focus-within\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:active .alt\:group-active\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:visited .alt\:group-visited\:block {
  display: block;
}

.alt .group:disabled .alt\:group-disabled\:block {
  display: block;
}

/* etc. */
```

Which you can then use in your HTML like this:

```html
<header class="alt">
  <img class="block alt:hidden" src="logo.png">
  <img class="hidden alt:block" src="alt-logo.png">

  <a class="text-black hover:text-blue alt:text-white alt:hover:text-green">Home</a>

  <div class="group">
    <div class="group-hover:opacity-50 alt:group-hover:opacity-100">...</div>
  </div>
</header>
```
